<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?Inspire CreateDate="2022-04-05T18:19:17" ModifiedDate="2022-05-23T16:18:13"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">

<concept id="nc4_lg5_ctb">
	<title>Metrics</title>
	<shortdesc>API Management Metrics services collect the metadata of API calls via the API Gateway or the Web Services Server and allows you to retrieve the data using a GraphQL client. Metrics services return information such as the count of calls per API, successful API requests, popular authentication types for APIs, and the quota status of a subscribed API. </shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<resourceid id="GUID-0e0f3adb-2fcb-4af5-bbd1-aee58d2e713f" />
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section id="section_jn4_4g5_ctb">
			<title>Enable Metrics Data Collection</title>
			<p>Metrics services are disabled by default, but can be enabled in multiple ways. To
				enable, do one of the following:</p>
			<p>
				<ul id="ul_vpn_yx5_ctb">
					<li id="li_2e7fc84d-6d6f-49a4-8bd1-f92f6cee1a1b">Enable in
							<uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Account</uicontrol> &gt;
							<uicontrol>Features</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>API Metrics
							Access</uicontrol>.</li>
					<li id="li_364921cc-3213-47ab-80dd-764942985f74">Enable on the API Gateway,
						Molecules, and Clouds in <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol> &gt;
							<uicontrol>Settings &amp; Configuration</uicontrol> &gt;
							<uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol>
						&gt; <uicontrol>Capture API Metrics</uicontrol>.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
			<p>Each Gateway must be restarted after enabling or disabling API Metrics.</p>
			<p>If you have multi-node Gateways, Molecules, or Clouds, you must add the following to
				enable the <xref href="t-atm-Enabling_local_storage_for_a_Molecule_or_Atom_Cloud_8861cfb6-79fa-46bc-a957-a4a3cfa45d5f.xml" scope="peer">Working Data Local Storage
				Directory</xref>:<codeblock id="codeblock_omq_h3s_2tb">com.boomi.container.localDir</codeblock></p>
			<p>For Atoms, the metrics data is written to the &lt;installation&gt;/events directory.
				For Gateways, Molecules, and Clouds, the metrics data is written to the &lt;local
				dir&gt;/events directory. </p>
			<p>
				<note id="note_rrf_cy5_ctb">Ensure that there is sufficient disk space available.
					Metrics requires approximately 1 KB per request, per day. Files are rolled over
					each day and removed when not needed.</note>
			</p>
			<p><b>Endpoint</b></p>
			<p>
				<codeblock id="codeblock_wtr_1lp_ftb">https://api.boomi.com/graphql</codeblock>
			</p>
			<p>
				<note id="note_hmt_xgs_gtb">Metrics does not support requests to a <xref href="r-atm-Shared_Web_Server_panel_135fde50-19db-488d-bb5c-b9ef43456e75.xml" scope="peer">Shared Web Server</xref> if its <uicontrol>API Type</uicontrol>
					is set to <uicontrol>Intermediate</uicontrol>. 404 and 401 errors are not
					captured on local clouds.</note>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="section_iz4_nms_2tb">
			<title>Available Data</title>
			<p>
				<table id="table_dmk_qms_2tb">
					<tgroup cols="3">
						<colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" />
						<colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" />
						<colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" />
						<thead>
							<row id="row_748e7adb-62df-4549-9238-1a4a6af6c6f2">
								<entry colname="col1">Field</entry>
								<entry colname="col2">Type</entry>
								<entry colname="col3">Description</entry>
							</row>
						</thead>
						<tbody>
							<row id="row_03eab96b-1e53-4b94-a715-84f11406d091">
								<entry colname="col1">requestTs</entry>
								<entry colname="col2">DateTime</entry>
								<entry colname="col3">The date and time the request was submitted.
									Uses UTC timezone ("Z").</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_238f06d0-027a-4362-b7b0-95dccae8e85b">
								<entry colname="col1">atom{authType}</entry>
								<entry colname="col2">DeployedApiCallAuthType</entry>
								<entry colname="col3">The type of authentication configured for the
									API deployment.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_4d2e0d90-b1ba-4018-bdc5-63a8dc18c53c">
								<entry colname="col1">atom{id}</entry>
								<entry colname="col2">ID</entry>
								<entry colname="col3">The ID of the Atom where the API call was
									processed</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_00cf97ed-18c6-444d-aad0-de32ad5a16e6">
								<entry colname="col1">atom{name}</entry>
								<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
								<entry colname="col3">Name of the Atom.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_29ab9b6a-7518-4849-b02c-391775b89508">
								<entry colname="col1">atom{status}</entry>
								<entry colname="col2">AtomStatus</entry>
								<entry colname="col3">Status of the Atom.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_2a71c266-f9f5-49f6-9f62-e5a2d23b1ef3">
								<entry colname="col1">atom{webserviceType}</entry>
								<entry colname="col2">HTTPServerWebserviceType</entry>
								<entry colname="col3">User management functionality level available
									on the Atom.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_0bc5132e-42a3-4ee8-a86b-115cc33967fd">
								<entry>gateway{id}</entry>
								<entry>ID</entry>
								<entry>The ID of the Gateway where the API call was
									processed.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_3c53f74d-b85e-47d0-9974-230c31bb4477">
								<entry>gateway{defaultApiExecutionSettings}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiExecutionSettings</entry>
								<entry>The default API Execution Settings of the Gateway.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_04afa551-3ec4-4a66-b5f9-e1c6ff5b6bab">
								<entry>gateway{deleted}</entry>
								<entry>Boolean</entry>
								<entry>The status of the Gateway.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_bebbc68a-1bef-49ec-af5a-96fea427413a">
								<entry>gateway{environments}</entry>
								<entry>Environment</entry>
								<entry>A list of Environment objects attached to the
									Gateway.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_28ce535b-a83a-4102-be39-44b7997f0f75">
								<entry>gateway{forwardProxy}</entry>
								<entry>ForwardProxy</entry>
								<entry>The Forward Proxy configuration of the Gateway.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_a3e5dce1-97df-4baa-98d2-d753ebbaa4dc">
								<entry>gateway{name}</entry>
								<entry>String</entry>
								<entry>The name of the Gateway.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_0b26cb57-0351-40d6-8dcd-f63a04341b80">
								<entry>account {id}</entry>
								<entry>ID</entry>
								<entry>The ID of the AtomSphere account where the API call was
									processed.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_9d5c73b8-a219-4459-bc91-7dc5e1af4121">
								<entry>deployedApi{id}</entry>
								<entry>ID</entry>
								<entry>The ID of the deployed API for a specific
									environment.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_6383155c-1612-4bcf-9975-585929e778da">
								<entry>deployedApi{authSource}</entry>
								<entry>AuthSource</entry>
								<entry>The Authentication Source of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_e3290e11-eb7e-4d99-8272-24000fb73750">
								<entry>deployedApi{component}</entry>
								<entry>Component</entry>
								<entry>The Component information of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_c7d5dede-dd43-4bdc-8235-068b6c4830f1">
								<entry>deployedApi{customPolicies}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiPolicy</entry>
								<entry>The Custom Policies configuration of the deployed
									API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_f26eb810-dae7-4faf-9f67-b4106b89824d">
								<entry>deployedApi{endpoints}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiEndpoint</entry>
								<entry>The Endpoint information of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_6860567e-4665-493c-ab15-76956764be45">
								<entry>deployedApi{environment}</entry>
								<entry>Environment</entry>
								<entry>The Environment information of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_9a5a2c6a-d158-4e93-8edd-758d4e346d7e">
								<entry>deployedApi{exectuionSettings}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiExecutionSettings</entry>
								<entry>The Execution Settings of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_27256d30-cb43-4ce7-85f2-553c6562d905">
								<entry>deployedApi{keylessPlan}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiPlan</entry>
								<entry>The Keyless Plan information of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_fc0179ef-d616-48e8-ae6a-ffb5f4c602c0">
								<entry>deployedApi{metadata}</entry>
								<entry>ApiComponentMetadata</entry>
								<entry>The Metadata of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_e2e2e734-0d1d-4033-b23f-2d7e2f5a08f6">
								<entry>deployedApi{plans}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiPlan</entry>
								<entry>The Plans associated with the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_4a598693-e73e-4bf1-8a04-e02607155829">
								<entry>deployedApi{requiredRoles}</entry>
								<entry>AuthSourceRole</entry>
								<entry>The Required Roles information of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_9c8357fd-5536-45c6-8659-dcfec48026ac">
								<entry>deployedApi{subscriptions}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiSubscription</entry>
								<entry>The Subscriptions of the deployed API.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_cbf89e06-4ccd-4547-94e3-ea2da7f33a3b">
								<entry>authType</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiCallAuthType</entry>
								<entry>The authentication type.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_09bbf6a6-23e8-42ef-8651-ddd8f1bc2163">
								<entry>execution{id}</entry>
								<entry>ID</entry>
								<entry>The backend process ID. Detail only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_ce0412c8-3c82-46e6-be80-af630bedd17c">
								<entry>status</entry>
								<entry>Int</entry>
								<entry>The HTTP response code of the API response.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_9d5d548d-13a7-4c7b-9fbb-ba129dfaf8c5">
								<entry>method</entry>
								<entry>HttpMethod</entry>
								<entry>The HTTP method contained in the request.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_214024cf-ad0d-4386-8b3a-9ff4d62e28b6">
								<entry>requestUrl</entry>
								<entry>String</entry>
								<entry>The HTTP path contained in the request.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_a7ecd022-b784-4de4-8ae5-a5ec1fab5f06">
								<entry>client{remoteAddress}</entry>
								<entry>String</entry>
								<entry>The client’s IP address as reported to the server.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_da28b0dd-bd1b-4e29-bb32-05aa3dcd9b69">
								<entry>client{userAgent}</entry>
								<entry>String</entry>
								<entry>The value of the user-agent HTTP request header.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_f013ff2f-ed47-48c6-8362-8f1af51f603e">
								<entry>client{subscription}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiSubscription</entry>
								<entry> The deployed API Subscription details.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_5425940e-7859-4b87-aa4f-f02c6261d305">
								<entry>user{userName}</entry>
								<entry>DeployedApiUser/String</entry>
								<entry>The authenticated user. Can be optioned out not to collect
									it.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_e319485d-248e-4a82-81b4-cbdbfd8274ee">
								<entry>transactionId</entry>
								<entry>ID</entry>
								<entry>The unique transaction ID for the request. Detail
									only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_b9d39b88-d329-4db3-8941-128017d61936">
								<entry>backendUrl</entry>
								<entry>String</entry>
								<entry>The HTTP path contained in the backend process. Detail
									only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_746981c5-67f4-4744-8776-6333d4263375">
								<entry>process{id}</entry>
								<entry>ID</entry>
								<entry>The ID of the AtomSphere process. Detail only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_e2c8159d-d065-47dc-b77b-be8cde9a0d1f">
								<entry>quotaReset</entry>
								<entry>DateTime</entry>
								<entry>The timestamp at which the quota will reset. Detail
									only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_6ff220bc-093b-49e5-9cac-2d700e9e7ab0">
								<entry>rateReset</entry>
								<entry>DateTime</entry>
								<entry>The timestamp at which the rate will reset. Detail
									only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_e753ac40-6a86-4350-87c4-8c3967e28cc8">
								<entry>responseDuration</entry>
								<entry>Int</entry>
								<entry>The total response time to process the request (API plus
									Gateway response time).</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_a169b85e-d687-4145-bac8-81c324164239">
								<entry>backendDuration</entry>
								<entry>Int</entry>
								<entry>Time the backend took to process the request.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_b691fa8b-90df-4615-892f-0d545c09e894">
								<entry>bytesReceived</entry>
								<entry>Long</entry>
								<entry>Bytes received by the request.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_f94dbd19-9ae8-4e69-b1b9-4bb2c419d1b9">
								<entry>bytesSent</entry>
								<entry>Long</entry>
								<entry>Bytes sent by the request.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_59ba513c-2afc-4b65-a771-6365b0841c0a">
								<entry>quotaCount</entry>
								<entry>Long</entry>
								<entry>The count of requests made by the client since the start of
									the quota period. Detail only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_111e53be-46f5-4f5f-a92b-d4406bf8cf95">
								<entry>rateCount</entry>
								<entry>Long</entry>
								<entry>The count of requests made by the client since the start of
									the rate period. Detail only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_7f4215fb-c8d6-4f6b-bb1d-9c2b2d6c487a">
								<entry>requestTsIntervalStart</entry>
								<entry>DateTime</entry>
								<entry>The date and time of the start of the interval. Summary
									only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_4cef6b4d-0751-4d26-be48-d77901d721c4">
								<entry>requestTsIntervalEnd</entry>
								<entry>DateTime</entry>
								<entry>The date and time of the end of the interval. Summary
									only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_b7446ee8-d6a5-4afb-8ac7-12b0e4baf99c">
								<entry>requestTsMax</entry>
								<entry>DateTime</entry>
								<entry>The maximum date and time of any API request in the interval.
									Summary only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_d477e444-6808-41f9-8856-996582c390ea">
								<entry>requestTsMin</entry>
								<entry>DateTime</entry>
								<entry>The minimum date and time of any API request in the interval.
									Summary only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row id="row_620d8a39-442a-450d-9c0d-07ed883f34fc">
								<entry>requestCount</entry>
								<entry>Long</entry>
								<entry>The count of API requests. Summary only.</entry>
							</row>
						</tbody>
					</tgroup>
				</table>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="section_ax1_mmb_ftb">
			<title>Query Syntax</title>
			<p>
				<ul id="ul_sxt_zmb_ftb">
					<li id="li_3663ca74-fe83-46de-bc6d-5fdaa7b6abfd">
						<p>deployedApiCallDetail: Returns API request details that match the filters
							in the input object. The number of records is capped and if there are
							more records than are returned, the <parmname>nextRequestTs</parmname>
							and <parmname>nextTransactionId</parmname> fields will be populated in
							the return
							object.<codeblock id="codeblock_kck_4mb_ftb">deployedApiCallDetail(input: DeployedApiCallDetailInput!): DeployedApiCallDetail!</codeblock></p>
					</li>
					<li id="li_6e57a275-c76f-4445-9d33-83a64b259930">deployedApiCallSummary: Returns
						grouped and aggregated API request info as specified by the request fields
						and applies the filters specified in the input
						object.<codeblock id="codeblock_fgv_gnb_ftb">deployedApiCallSummary(input: DeployedApiCallSummaryInput!): DeployedApiCallSummary!</codeblock></li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="section_vjk_h51_fsb">
			<title>Querying API Metrics Data</title>
			<p>Query input syntax</p>
			<codeblock id="codeblock_lvp_m51_fsb">
input DeployedApiCallDetailInput {
"Filters the records retrieved to only those on or after this timestamp."
requestTsStart: DateTime!
"Filters the records retrieved to only those before this timestamp."
requestTsEnd: DateTime!
"""
Filters the records retrieved using the Filter Query Language. The fields available in the filter expression
are those listed in the `DeployedApiCallDetailData` type.
"""
filter: Filter
}


input TimeInterval {
unit: TimeUnit!
amount: Int!
}


enum ApiCallMetricsErrorCode {
ROW_LIMIT_EXCEEDED @en(detail : "The row-limit of {0} was exceeded for the query.")
}


input DeployedApiCallSummaryInput {
"Filters the records retrieved to only those on or after this timestamp."
requestTsStart: DateTime!
"Filters the records retrieved to only those before this timestamp."
requestTsEnd: DateTime!
"""
Filters the records retrieved using the Filter Query Language. The fields available in the filter expression
are those listed in the `DeployedApiCallSummaryData` type.
"""
filter: Filter
requestTsInterval: TimeInterval
}</codeblock>
			<p>Return fields syntax</p>
			<codeblock id="codeblock_u1m_451_fsb">

type DeployedApiCallDetailData {
" The date and time the request was submitted. Uses UTC timezone (\"Z\")."
requestTs: DateTime!
" The unique request id"
transactionId: ID!
" The Api deployed to a specific environment and the various information associated with it"
deployedApi: DeployedApi!
" The Account that owns the Deployed Api"
account: Account!
" The Gateway details (Name, Gateway Status, Environment, Api Execution Settings and Forward proxy)"
gateway: Gateway
" The Atom details (Name, Auth type, Webservice type, Status etc.,)"
atom: Atom
" The Http response code of the Api response"
status: Int!
" The details of the client that made the Api request (remoteAddress, userAgent, subscription)"
client: DeployedApiClient!
" The User that executed the Api request"
user: DeployedApiUser
"""
The Deployed Api's Authentication Type. (The authentication type that the account uses when communicating with 
the Atom, Molecule, Atom Cloud Or Gateway.)
"""
authType: DeployedApiCallAuthType!
" The fully qualified absolute Url"
requestUrl: String!
" The Http method of the Api request"
method: HttpMethod
" The number of milliseconds from the time the request was received until the response was sent"
responseDuration: Int!
" The number of bytes received from request body"
bytesReceived: Long!
" The number of bytes sent from response"
bytesSent: Long!
" The count of incoming requests for the quota period"
quotaCount: Long
" The date and time that the quota will reset"
quotaReset: DateTime
" The count of incoming requests for the rate limit period"
rateCount: Long
" The date and time that the rate limit will reset"
rateReset: DateTime
" The error message that is received from backend execution"
errorMessage: String
"(For Api Gateway Requests) The URL of the Atom to which the request was forwarded"
backendUrl: String
"""
(For Api Gateway Requests) The number of milliseconds from the time the Atom received the request from the
Api Gateway until the Atom sent the response back to the Api Gateway
"""
backendDuration: Int
" The id of the Integration Process that executed as a result of this Api request"
process: Process
" The id of the Integration Process Execution"
execution: Execution
}




type DeployedApiCallSummaryData {
" The date and time of the start of the interval"
requestTsIntervalStart: DateTime!
" The date and time of the end of the interval"
requestTsIntervalEnd: DateTime!
" The maximum date and time of any Api request in the interval"
requestTsMax: DateTime!
" The minimum date and time of any Api request in the interval"
requestTsMin: DateTime!
" The Api deployed to a specific environment and the various information associated with it"
deployedApi: DeployedApi!
" The Account that owns the Deployed Api"
account: Account!
" The Gateway details (Name, Gateway Status, Environment, Api Execution Settings and Forward proxy)"
gateway: Gateway
" The Atom details (Name, Auth type, Webservice type, Status etc.,)"
atom: Atom
" The Http response code of the Api response"
status: Int!
" The details of the client that made the Api request (remoteAddress, userAgent, subscription)"
client: DeployedApiClient!
" The User that executed the Api request"
user: DeployedApiUser
"""
The Deployed Api's Authentication Type. (The authentication type that the account uses when communicating with
the Atom, Molecule, Atom Cloud Or Gateway.)
"""
authType: DeployedApiCallAuthType!
" The fully qualified absolute Url"
requestUrl: String!
" The Http method of the Api request"
method: HttpMethod
"""
The number of milliseconds from the time the request was received until the response was sent 
(summarized by Metric field - count, total, max, min, mean, standard deviation etc)
"""
responseDuration: Metric
"""
(For Api Gateway Requests) The number of milliseconds from the time the Atom received the request from the
Api Gateway until the Atom sent the response back to the Api Gateway
(summarized by Metric field - count, total, max, min, mean, standard deviation etc)
"""
backendDuration: Metric
"""
The number of bytes received from request body
(summarized by Metric field - count, total, max, min, mean, standard deviation etc)
"""
bytesReceived: Metric
"""
The number of bytes sent from response
(summarized by Metric field - count, total, max, min, mean, standard deviation etc)
"""
bytesSent: Metric
"The count of Api requests"
requestCount: Long
}</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section id="section_nc2_xfv_ctb"><title>Query Examples</title><p><b>Endpoint</b></p><p>
				<codeblock id="codeblock_uvz_yfv_ctb">https://api.boomi.com/graphql</codeblock>
			</p><p><b>Sample deployedApiCallDetail
				Query</b><codeblock id="codeblock_b5h_bgv_ctb">query{
  deployedApiCallDetail(input: {
    requestTsStart: "2022-03-11"
    requestTsEnd: "2022-03-25"
    filter: ""
  }){
    data {
      requestTs
      atom { 
      	id
      	name}
      gateway { 
        id 
      	name}
      account { 
        id
        			}
      deployedApi { id }
      authType
      status
      method
      requestUrl
      client { remoteAddress }
      client { userAgent }
      client { subscription { apiKeyId} }
      user { username }
      execution { id }
      transactionId
      backendUrl
      process { id }
      quotaReset
      rateReset
      bytesReceived
      responseDuration
      backendDuration
      bytesSent
      quotaCount
      rateCount
    } 
    nextRequestTs
    nextTransactionId
  }
}

</codeblock></p><b>Sample deployedApiCallSummary Query</b><p>
				<codeblock id="codeblock_h3x_glb_ftb">query{
  deployedApiCallSummary(
  input: 
    {
    requestTsStart: "2021-10-11"
    requestTsEnd: "2021-10-20"

    filter: "atom.id = '8bd4bc4b-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-79f2f9f57ade' and method = 'GET'" 
    }
  )
  {
    data {
      status
      responseDuration {mean, count}
      account {id}
    } 
  }
}

Sample Response:
{
  "data": {
    "deployedApiCallSummary": {
      "data": [
        {
          "status": 200,
          "responseDuration": {
            "mean": 5.803271769650674,
            "count": 286695
          },
          "account": {
            "id": "apim20testing-XXXXXX"
          }
        },
        {
          "status": 499,
          "responseDuration": {
            "mean": 128.66666666666666,
            "count": 3
          },
          "account": {
            "id": "apim20testing-XXXXXX"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
</codeblock>
			</p></section>
		<section id="section_tqj_f1k_stb">
			<title>Using the filter attribute</title>
			<p>The following fields are not filterable from the platform:<ul id="ul_kfn_31k_stb">
					<li>Gateway</li>
					<li>Atom</li>
					<li>deployedApi</li>
				</ul></p>
			<p>To filter by API Key,
				use:<codeblock id="codeblock_jzd_l1k_stb">filter: "client.subscription.apiKeyId = 'f1xxxx77-fxxc-4e19-b144-6efxxxxxxxf6e' "</codeblock></p>
		</section>
		<section id="section_k44_l3m_2tb">
			<title>Altair script</title>
			<p>Programmatic access to GraphQL APIs is available via any application, typically
				through a GraphQL client library in the language of choice. Altair is a user
				interface tool that can be used to accomplish this. A following script was created
				as an option to quickly access GraphQL APIs. See <xref href="api-GraphQL_API_Management_APIs_18f1a55a-b3d7-4b9e-ab0a-162fc4a67686.dita#api-GraphQL_API_Management_APIs/section_k44_l3m_2tb" scope="peer">Altair Script</xref>. </p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
